
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.064932                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 64931604500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                64931604500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49561                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95286                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49841179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 715588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1302.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64566971                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124135802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           678336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data         29889856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            30568192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       678336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         678336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     28548352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         28548352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             10599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data            467029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               477628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         446068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              446068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            10446931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           460328314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              470775245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       10446931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10446931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        439668051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             439668051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        439668051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           10446931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          460328314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             910443296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       477628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      446068                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     477628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    446068                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                30565824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 28547136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 30568192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              28548352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              29822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              29348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              29867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              29899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              31005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              30674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              29823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              29469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              29584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              29837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             29839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             29235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             29694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             30035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             30264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             29196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              27594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              28901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              28691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              28270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              27853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              28352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              28149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             28157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             28044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    64931498500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 477628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                446068                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   467059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     7371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     2389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        90723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     651.550941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    438.426630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    410.723965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13717     15.12%     15.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12211     13.46%     28.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6888      7.59%     36.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2872      3.17%     39.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2297      2.53%     41.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3031      3.34%     45.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2330      2.57%     47.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4627      5.10%     52.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42750     47.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         90723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.211771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.652005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.761568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          27723     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.075576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.070879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.406310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26765     96.46%     96.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                27      0.10%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               830      2.99%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                98      0.35%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                22      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8731492000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              17686323250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2387955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      18282.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 37032.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        470.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        439.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     470.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     439.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    428482                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   404424                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       70295.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 323392020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 171871755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               1712935980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1164446280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          4083053520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            6159421710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             269851200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      10173814290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       3676506720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy        4949761980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             32685804585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             503.388217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime           50720273750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     320083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     1731926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   18834460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9574277750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    12159189000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22311668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 324448740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 172422030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               1697063760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              1163929500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          4133454000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            6290930400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             266162400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      10236152910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       3806278080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        4760099640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             32851938510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             505.946815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime           50439764500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     311744750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     1753138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   18080467750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9912119000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    12426915000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22447220000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                12465307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12465307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            748340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             10188178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  682974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              58329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        10188178                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5890007                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          4298171                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       250074                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    16104090                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     9858324                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         44068                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10981                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9416369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1246                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   156                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        129863210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           12270145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       85088233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    12465307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            6572981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     115785785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1513824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          3780                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          148                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1336                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   9415687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                205426                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          128819352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.252475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.726496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                103199499     80.11%     80.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1611279      1.25%     81.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1300306      1.01%     82.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1642162      1.27%     83.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1964708      1.53%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  1374059      1.07%     86.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1456473      1.13%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1430310      1.11%     88.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 14840556     11.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            128819352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.095988                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.655214                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 10508605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              96133288                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  15123194                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               6297353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 756912                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              152259088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 756912                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 13111367                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                37794521                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          20353                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  18649397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              58486802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              148723391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                336293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               10198184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1082602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               45926156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              828                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           197269983                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             431474452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        267025978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           3500519                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             166281360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 30988623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                462                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            426                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  32169782                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17108521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10577124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1861609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1215092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  142686553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                3317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 135556818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            246449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        18554067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29307899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           2441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     128819352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.052302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.857201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            84486880     65.59%     65.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            12573801      9.76%     75.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9313332      7.23%     82.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             6858928      5.32%     87.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             5248141      4.07%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             3660586      2.84%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             3308271      2.57%     97.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             2320855      1.80%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1048558      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       128819352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1578868     91.75%     91.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     91.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     91.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   156      0.01%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     91.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 106942      6.21%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 28165      1.64%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               198      0.01%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             6434      0.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1057032      0.78%      0.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             101261186     74.70%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1169044      0.86%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               5672641      4.18%     80.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               27688      0.02%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             16389804     12.09%     92.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             6553583      4.83%     97.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            9169      0.01%     97.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        3416671      2.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              135556818                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.043843                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1720763                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          394980215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         157763422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129853278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             6919985                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            3489861                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3453087                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              132757323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 3463226                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1525282                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2668412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4638                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9593                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1127960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2002                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          3466                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 756912                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3772589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              31671739                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           142689870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            317201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17108521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10577124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               1369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  37218                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              31624330                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           9593                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         419998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       471558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               891556                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             134075242                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              16103127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1481576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     25961343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 10237841                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9858216                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.032434                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      133603202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     133306365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 100518779                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 205908147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.026514                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.488173                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        18555956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             876                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            748713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    126037817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.984909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.150026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     87151156     69.15%     69.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19531704     15.50%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3491931      2.77%     87.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3471851      2.75%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1349919      1.07%     91.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1356780      1.08%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       818140      0.65%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818421      0.65%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8047915      6.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    126037817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             64566971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              124135802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       23889273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      14440109                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    9530853                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3443151                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 123241668                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               510585                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       867178      0.70%      0.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         92539681     74.55%     75.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1156400      0.93%     76.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          5662195      4.56%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          21075      0.02%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        14435337     11.63%     92.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        6034231      4.86%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4772      0.00%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      3414933      2.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         124135802                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               8047915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    260681660                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   288186727                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           44228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1043858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    64566971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     124135802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.011295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.011295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.497192                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.497192                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                239018719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               125721665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3472460                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    34802                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  98190773                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 51659371                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                45592422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            491933                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.072591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            23404619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            492957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             47.478013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.072591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          48455717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         48455717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     14403473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14403473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      9001000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9001000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23404473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23404473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23404473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23404473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       128705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        128705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       448202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       448202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       576907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         576907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       576907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        576907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7489403500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7489403500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37107699971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37107699971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  44597103471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44597103471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  44597103471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44597103471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     14532178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14532178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9449202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9449202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23981380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23981380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23981380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23981380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58190.462686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58190.462686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82792.356953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82792.356953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77303.800216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77303.800216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77303.800216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77303.800216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76688                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.447669                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   118.352941                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       463737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            463737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        83778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        83778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        83836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        83836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        83836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        83836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        44927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       448144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       448144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       493071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       493071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       493071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       493071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2963695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36656088971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36656088971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39619783971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39619783971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39619783971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39619783971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047427                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047427                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65966.901863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65966.901863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81795.335809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81795.335809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80353.101219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80353.101219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80353.101219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80353.101219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            151604                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.771507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9246350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            151860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             60.887330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.771507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          18983317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         18983317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9246569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9246569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9246569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9246569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9246569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9246569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       169104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        169104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       169104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         169104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       169104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        169104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3090088483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3090088483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3090088483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3090088483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3090088483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3090088483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9415673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9415673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9415673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9415673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9415673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9415673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18273.302128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18273.302128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18273.302128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18273.302128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18273.302128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18273.302128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.069959                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        17133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        17133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        17133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       151971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       151971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       151971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2640648986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2640648986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2640648986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2640648986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2640648986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2640648986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17376.005856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17376.005856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17376.005856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17376.005856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17376.005856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17376.005856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        1288579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       643556                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          759                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             4645                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4614                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           31                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              196898                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        909808                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            208132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             448030                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            448030                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         196898                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       455355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1478068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 1933423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9714112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     61228032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 70942144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                            474601                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    28560960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1119445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.004867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.069989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1114028     99.52%     99.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     5386      0.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       31      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1119445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           1108029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           227969973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           739548388                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements               474403                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4088.096622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 805998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               478499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.277756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   287.452287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3785.366579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.003730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.070179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.924162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2934                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             10783667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            10783667                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       463740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       463740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data          7731                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             7731                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       141180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        18190                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       159370                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           141180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            25921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              167101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          141180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           25921                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             167101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       440299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         440299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        10600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        26731                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        37331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          10600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         467030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            477630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         10600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        467030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           477630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  35899411500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35899411500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2703909000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3633177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  38603320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39532588500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  38603320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39532588500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       463740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       463740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       448030                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       448030                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       151780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        44921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       196701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       151780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       492951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          644731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       151780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       492951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         644731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053097                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.053097                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.982744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.069838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.595067                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189786                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.069838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.947417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.740821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.069838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.947417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.740821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81534.165419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81534.165419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87666.792453                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101152.556956                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97323.323779                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87666.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82657.046657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82768.227498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87666.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82657.046657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82768.227498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          446068                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               446068                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3641                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         3641                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       440299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       440299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26730                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        37329                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       477628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       477628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        93000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31496421500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31496421500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    823206500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2436541000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259747500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    823206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33932962500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34756169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    823206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33932962500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34756169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053097                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053097                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.982744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.069831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.595045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.069831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.947415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.069831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.947415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        15500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71534.165419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71534.165419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77668.317766                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91153.797232                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87324.801093                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77668.317766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72657.078040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72768.282010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77668.317766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72657.078040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72768.282010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        951095                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       473468                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64931604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       446068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            27392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            440299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           440299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         37329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1428723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1428723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1428723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     59116544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     59116544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                59116544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            477635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  477635    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              477635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1367683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1306618750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
