
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.065021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65021118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                65021118000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    99531                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52133335                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 712512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1247.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64567012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124135874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           672256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data         29903808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            30576064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       672256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         672256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     28549312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         28549312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             10504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data            467247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               477751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         446083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              446083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            10339041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           459909164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              470248205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       10339041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10339041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        439077532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             439077532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        439077532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           10339041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          459909164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             909325736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       477751                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      446083                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     477751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    446083                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                30573888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 28547840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 30576064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              28549312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              29641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              29696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              29862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              30681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              31034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              29903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              29697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              29661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              29349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              30006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             29590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             29383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             29791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             30149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             30089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             29185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              27406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              28175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              29065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              28262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              28146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              28021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              28362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              27860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             28162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             27766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    65021012000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 477751                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                446083                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   467427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     7211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     2309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        91400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     646.818731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    441.531926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    404.570015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13436     14.70%     14.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11576     12.67%     27.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6937      7.59%     34.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4526      4.95%     39.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2405      2.63%     42.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5259      5.75%     48.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1512      1.65%     49.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3181      3.48%     53.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42568     46.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         91400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.211977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.656356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      24.417018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          27732     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.072497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.068083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.393361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26792     96.54%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                38      0.14%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               822      2.96%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                81      0.29%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                14      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8729771000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              17686964750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2388585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      18273.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 37023.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        470.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        439.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     470.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     439.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    428122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   404242                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       70381.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 326769240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 173659200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               1714849500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1167614820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          4067072880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            6284562360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             255916320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      10170063690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       3582453120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy        4960490340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             32704326060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             502.980063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime           50570815000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     293808000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     1725052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   18938714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9329353750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    12431310750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22302879000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 325919580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 173203800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               1696049880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              1160818380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          4136527200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            6342553020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             260307840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      10273238250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       3772303680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        4755921960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             32897900520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             505.957165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime           50431577000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     305376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     1754462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   18079023000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9823715250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    12529660750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22528881000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                12637121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12637121                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            731934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             11111211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  749800                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              87372                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        11111211                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            5135158                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          5976053                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       458604                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    16156734                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     9873512                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         44928                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12747                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9088131                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1190                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   156                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        130042237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           12013223                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       84254300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    12637121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5884958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     116214288                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1483578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          3149                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           58                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          751                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   9087494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                227249                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          128974618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.248130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.726301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                103576880     80.31%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1448187      1.12%     81.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1319589      1.02%     82.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1619100      1.26%     83.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1966166      1.52%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  1302043      1.01%     86.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1484257      1.15%     87.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1315121      1.02%     88.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 14943275     11.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            128974618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.097177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.647899                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 10210567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              96725101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  14718666                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               6578495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 741789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              153683896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 741789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 12849649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                41554958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          12586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  18514489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              55301147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              150134185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                351721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               10439285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1112825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               42423257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents             3567                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           198086858                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             434193673                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        269137163                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           3505171                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             166281454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 31805404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                412                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  32462042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17386885                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10672871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1865546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1264914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  143482755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                3556                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 135851558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            238767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        19350436                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     31072790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           2680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     128974618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.053320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.864442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            84878527     65.81%     65.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            12384169      9.60%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9151487      7.10%     82.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             6792665      5.27%     87.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             5289492      4.10%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             3705339      2.87%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             3399090      2.64%     97.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             2283575      1.77%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1090274      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       128974618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1540998     91.68%     91.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     91.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     91.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   172      0.01%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 104490      6.22%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 30374      1.81%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               203      0.01%     99.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             4619      0.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1099356      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             101339119     74.60%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1170671      0.86%     76.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               5670553      4.17%     80.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               28052      0.02%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             16516905     12.16%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             6600006      4.86%     97.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           11090      0.01%     97.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        3415806      2.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              135851558                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.044673                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1680856                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012373                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          395676138                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         159351986                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130078036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             6921219                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            3495763                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3453108                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              132970138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 3462920                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1514006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2946771                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5305                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1223704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2387                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          3341                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 741789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3925970                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              35221129                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           143486311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            157272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17386885                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10672871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               1419                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  24932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              35183604                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          11328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         245948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               936559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             134344062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              16155717                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1507496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     26029128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 10255522                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9873411                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.033080                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      133871744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     133531144                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 100303910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 204768073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.026829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.489842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        19353445                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             876                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            732220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    126067146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.984681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.161873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     87625570     69.51%     69.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19201407     15.23%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3490920      2.77%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3284744      2.61%     90.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1309185      1.04%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1318041      1.05%     92.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       811937      0.64%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       802908      0.64%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8222434      6.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    126067146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             64567012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              124135874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       23889281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      14440114                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    9530862                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3443151                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 123241740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               510585                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       867178      0.70%      0.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         92539744     74.55%     75.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1156401      0.93%     76.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          5662195      4.56%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          21075      0.02%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        14435342     11.63%     92.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        6034234      4.86%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4772      0.00%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      3414933      2.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         124135874                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               8222434                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    261334031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   289918004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           45609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1067619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    64567012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     124135874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.014066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.014066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.496508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.496508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                239170643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               125913363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3472960                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    35833                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  98046485                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 51639124                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                45769170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            496428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.094687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            23460955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            497452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             47.162249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.094687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          48586548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         48586548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     14460674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14460674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8999905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8999905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23460579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23460579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23460579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23460579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       134669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        134669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       449300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       449300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       583969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         583969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       583969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        583969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7708923500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7708923500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37113423469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37113423469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  44822346969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44822346969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  44822346969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44822346969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     14595343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14595343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9449205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9449205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24044548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24044548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24044548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24044548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57243.489593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57243.489593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82602.767570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82602.767570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76754.668431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76754.668431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76754.668431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76754.668431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        74291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.919255                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   113.869565                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       465038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            465038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        86123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        86258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        86258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       449165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       449165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       497711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       497711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       497711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       497711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3029121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3029121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36660034469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36660034469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39689155469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39689155469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39689155469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39689155469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62396.922506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62396.922506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81618.190351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81618.190351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79743.376114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79743.376114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79743.376114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79743.376114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            161320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.927505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             8905102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            161576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             55.114014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.927505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          18336767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         18336767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      8905105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8905105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       8905105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8905105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      8905105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8905105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       182381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        182381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       182381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         182381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       182381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        182381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3229191483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3229191483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3229191483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3229191483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3229191483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3229191483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9087486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9087486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9087486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9087486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9087486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9087486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17705.745023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17705.745023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17705.745023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17705.745023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17705.745023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17705.745023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9834                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.278846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        20585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        20585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        20585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       161796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       161796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       161796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       161796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       161796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       161796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2748815987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748815987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2748815987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748815987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2748815987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748815987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16989.393971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16989.393971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16989.393971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16989.393971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16989.393971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16989.393971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        1317255                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657793                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          892                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             4685                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4659                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           26                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              210341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        911124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            221173                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             448906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            448906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         210342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       484566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1491848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 1976414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10332992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     61599232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 71932224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                            474896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    28571520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1134056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.004945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.070473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1128474     99.51%     99.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     5556      0.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       26      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1134056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           1123668999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           242711462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           746363389                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements               474549                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4087.570898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 834283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               478645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.743010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    16.891304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   293.001890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3777.677704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.071534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.922285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             11011381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            11011381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       465041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       465041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data          8604                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             8604                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       150947                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        21599                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       172546                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           150947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            30203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              181150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          150947                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           30203                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             181150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       440302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         440302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        10504                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        26945                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        37449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          10504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         467247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            477751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         10504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        467247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           477751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  35891058000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35891058000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    919798500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2728059500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3647858000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    919798500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  38619117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39538916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    919798500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  38619117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39538916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       465041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       465041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       448906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       448906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       161451                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        48544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       209995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       161451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       497450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          658901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       161451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       497450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         658901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.046332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.065060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.555063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.065060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.725073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.065060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.725073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81514.637681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81514.637681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87566.498477                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101245.481536                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97408.689151                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87566.498477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82652.467539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82760.509136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87566.498477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82652.467539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82760.509136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          446083                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               446083                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3652                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         3652                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       440302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       440302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10504                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26945                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        37449                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       477751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       477751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       177000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       177000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31488038000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31488038000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    814758500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2458609500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3273368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    814758500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33946647500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34761406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    814758500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33946647500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34761406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.065060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.555063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.065060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.065060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        14750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71514.637681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71514.637681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77566.498477                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91245.481536                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87408.689151                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77566.498477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72652.467539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72760.509136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77566.498477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72652.467539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72760.509136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        951313                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       473564                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65021118000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       446083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            27467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            440302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           440302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         37449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1429064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1429064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1429064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     59125376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     59125376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                59125376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            477763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  477763    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              477763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1367822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1307130750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
