
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.066535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66535319000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                66535319000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  85618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   164608                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88228001                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 713536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   754.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64567007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124135852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           718400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data         29926208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            30644608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       718400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         718400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     28550336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         28550336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             11225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data            467597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               478822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         446099                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              446099                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            10797273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           449779282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              460576555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       10797273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10797273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        429100460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             429100460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        429100460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           10797273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          449779282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             889677015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       478822                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      446099                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     478822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    446099                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                30642304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 28548864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 30644608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              28550336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              29869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              29410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              30017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              29990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              31055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              30739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              29899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              29517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              29625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              29916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             30005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             29316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             29759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             30112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             30330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             29227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              27594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              28900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              28688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              28276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              27852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              28358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              28154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             28160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             28047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    66535225500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 478822                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                446099                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   467671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     7711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     2580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        91698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     645.476761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    444.331153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    401.403792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13033     14.21%     14.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11073     12.08%     26.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7692      8.39%     34.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4309      4.70%     39.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4317      4.71%     44.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4246      4.63%     48.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1888      2.06%     50.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2724      2.97%     53.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42416     46.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         91698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.251685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.673123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.759817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          27728     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           17      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.075390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.070748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.403615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26761     96.44%     96.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                38      0.14%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               824      2.97%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               104      0.37%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                17      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8863525000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              17840762500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2393930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      18512.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 37262.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        460.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        429.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     460.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     429.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    428362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   404786                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       71936.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 326090940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 173291085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               1717141440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1164451500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          4085512080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            6100134300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             263112960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      10320651420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       3693437760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy        5267846040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             33113299485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             497.680029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime           52468681500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     303781750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     1732792000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   20217696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9618324000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    12029946500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22632778250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 328747020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 174702825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               1701390600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              1164065220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          4140215040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            6206063670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             268906080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      10450956270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       3807094080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        5058363780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             33301723965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             500.511976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime           52222876000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     317523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     1755848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   19389471250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9914345750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    12239029250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22919101250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                13698785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13698785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            982099                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9205938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  761085                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             114136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         9205938                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4978695                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          4227243                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       610399                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    16759883                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     9986570                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         52769                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9606392                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   156                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        133070639                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           12749817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       91660853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    13698785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5739780                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     118227277                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1985196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         77                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 2080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         10812                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1959                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   9604494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                277993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          131984710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.328913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.805830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                104636721     79.28%     79.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1505342      1.14%     80.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1388296      1.05%     81.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1633233      1.24%     82.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2015177      1.53%     84.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  1340373      1.02%     85.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1470885      1.11%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1330732      1.01%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 16663951     12.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            131984710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.102944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.688814                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 10923352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              97259679                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  16222512                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               6586569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 992598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              164951642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 992598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 13685474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                44261397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  19902221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              53133744                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              159891220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                294902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               10392190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 987844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               40514691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents             1281                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           210176208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             460909024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        285907155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           3520841                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             166281435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 43894773                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            390                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  31914878                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             18452478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            11096248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1942521                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1261547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  150716811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                6656                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 139750972                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            313354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        26587614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44641189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           5780                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     131984710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.058842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.869366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            86568365     65.59%     65.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            12838142      9.73%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9482649      7.18%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             6920160      5.24%     87.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             5362069      4.06%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             3805270      2.88%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             3494252      2.65%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             2363510      1.79%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1150293      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       131984710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1606015     91.52%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   234      0.01%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     91.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 113417      6.46%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 29675      1.69%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               181      0.01%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             5397      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1221036      0.87%      0.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             104216428     74.57%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1174767      0.84%     76.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               5673674      4.06%     80.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               30525      0.02%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             17253684     12.35%     92.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             6752754      4.83%     97.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           11752      0.01%     97.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        3416352      2.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              139750972                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.050201                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1754919                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012557                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          406624888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         173812877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133172550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             6930039                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            3509269                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3456658                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              136817422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 3467433                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1478897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4012370                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11484                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1647079                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2890                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          3289                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 992598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 4650099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              37176045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           150723467                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            172839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              18452478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             11096248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               2487                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  26794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              37139189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          11484                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         282477                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       981215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1263692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             137711139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              16758611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2039833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     26745080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 10452613                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9986469                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.034872                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      137089931                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     136629208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 102500244                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 208474843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.026742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.491667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        26590773                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             876                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            982957                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    128002026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.969796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.129699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     88926290     69.47%     69.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19557077     15.28%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3664837      2.86%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3429389      2.68%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1436738      1.12%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1374654      1.07%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       869609      0.68%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       824398      0.64%     93.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7919034      6.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    128002026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             64567007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              124135852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       23889277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      14440108                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    9530857                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3443151                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 123241718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               510585                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       867178      0.70%      0.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         92539726     74.55%     75.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1156401      0.93%     76.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          5662195      4.56%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          21075      0.02%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        14435336     11.63%     92.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        6034236      4.86%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4772      0.00%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      3414933      2.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         124135852                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               7919034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    270809617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   305480186                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           47725                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1085929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    64567007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     124135852                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.060970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.060970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.485209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.485209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                243326646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               128705301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3477650                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    38538                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  99113370                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 52514781                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                47158230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            493321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.040474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            24095950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            494345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             48.743185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.040474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          49843765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         49843765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     15094773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        15094773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      9000753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9000753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      24095526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         24095526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     24095526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        24095526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       130730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        130730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       448454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       448454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       579184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         579184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       579184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        579184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7639299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7639299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37173384972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37173384972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  44812684472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44812684472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  44812684472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44812684472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15225503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15225503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9449207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9449207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24674710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24674710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24674710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24674710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58435.703358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58435.703358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82892.303273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82892.303273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77372.103635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77372.103635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77372.103635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77372.103635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        77769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1375                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1078                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.141929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          125                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       463952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            463952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        84488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        84488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        84551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        84551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        84551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        84551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       448391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       448391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       494633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       494633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       494633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       494633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3061984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3061984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36721588972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36721588972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39783572972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39783572972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39783572972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39783572972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047453                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047453                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66216.513127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66216.513127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81896.356020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81896.356020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80430.486789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80430.486789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80430.486789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80430.486789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            169381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.934836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9410447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            169637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             55.474024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.934836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          19378838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         19378838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9410479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9410479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9410479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9410479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9410479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9410479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       193988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       193988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       193988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3480469977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3480469977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3480469977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3480469977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3480469977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3480469977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9604467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9604467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9604467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9604467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9604467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9604467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.020198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17941.676686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17941.676686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17941.676686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17941.676686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17941.676686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17941.676686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15722                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.722826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        24084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        24084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        24084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       169904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       169904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       169904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       169904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       169904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       169904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2905394983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2905394983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2905394983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2905394983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2905394983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2905394983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17100.215316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17100.215316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17100.215316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17100.215316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17100.215316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17100.215316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        1327239                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       662731                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1087                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             4839                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4819                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              216145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        910055                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            228309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               288                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              288                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             448104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            448104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         216145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       508787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1482585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 1991372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10848384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     61330944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 72179328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                            476066                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    28576128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1140199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.005219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.072299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1134268     99.48%     99.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     5911      0.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       20      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1140199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           1127577496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           254868475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           741714398                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements               475662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4087.677085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 842927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               479758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.756984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    16.807830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   306.784810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3764.084445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.918966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             11091806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            11091806                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       463956                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       463956                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          257                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             257                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data          7816                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             7816                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       158277                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        18929                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       177206                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           158277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            26745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              185022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          158277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           26745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             185022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       440288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         440288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        11225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        27311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        38536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          11225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         467599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            478824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         11225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        467599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           478824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  35961387000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35961387000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    987182500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2792473500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3779656000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    987182500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  38753860500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39741043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    987182500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  38753860500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39741043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       463956                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       463956                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       448104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       448104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       169502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        46240                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       215742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       169502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       494344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          663846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       169502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       494344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         663846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.104530                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.104530                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.982558                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982558                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.590636                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.945898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.945898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81676.963715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81676.963715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87944.988864                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102247.208085                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98081.170853                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87944.988864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82878.407567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82997.182681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87944.988864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82878.407567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82997.182681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          446099                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               446099                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3790                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         3790                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       440288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       440288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        11225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27310                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        38535                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        11225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       478823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        11225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       478823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       456000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31558507000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31558507000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    874932500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2519305500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3394238000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    874932500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34077812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34952745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    874932500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  34077812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34952745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.104530                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104530                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.982558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.590614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.945896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.945896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        15200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71676.963715                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71676.963715                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77944.988864                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92248.462102                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88081.951473                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77944.988864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72878.439386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72997.214002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77944.988864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72878.439386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72997.214002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        953511                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       474693                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66535319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       446099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            28558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               32                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            440287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           440287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         38535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1432333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1432333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1432333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     59194944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     59194944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                59194944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            478854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  478854    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              478854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1368953000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1309317000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
