
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.064607                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 64607297000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                64607297000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   111187                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57868122                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 715588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1116.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64566996                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124135848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           689408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data         29897408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            30586816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       689408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         689408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     28548736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         28548736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             10772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data            467147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               477919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks         446074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              446074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            10670745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           462755902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              473426647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       10670745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10670745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        441880984                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             441880984                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        441880984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           10670745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          462755902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             915307632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       477919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      446074                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     477919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    446074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                30584704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 28547264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 30586816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              28548736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              29655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              29710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              29899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              30685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              31028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              29917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              29708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              29690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              29357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              30030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             29607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             29404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             29745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             30156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             30081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             29214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              27407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              28174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              29065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              28265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              28144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              28017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              28355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              27868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             28161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             27764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    64607191000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 477919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                446074                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   467334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     7391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     2390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                      127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        90909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     650.428362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.814023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    401.695689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13038     14.34%     14.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11405     12.55%     26.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5094      5.60%     32.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6062      6.67%     39.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5421      5.96%     45.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2492      2.74%     47.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1655      1.82%     49.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2939      3.23%     52.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42803     47.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         90909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.221529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.661486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      24.574635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          27724     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.075068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.070420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.404529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26759     96.44%     96.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                45      0.16%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               837      3.02%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                78      0.28%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                20      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 5      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8680224750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              17640587250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2389430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      18163.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 36913.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        473.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        441.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     473.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     441.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    428714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   404302                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       69921.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 325426920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 172941945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               1715684880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              1167593940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          4068916800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            6254529060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             251674080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      10190168160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       3618675360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy        4843650240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             32609799825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             504.738649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime           50234883750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     281543500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     1725772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   18464127000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9423645000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    12365031500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22347178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 323749020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 172057710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               1696421160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              1160792280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          4125463680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            6326041830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             263137440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      10214504880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       3773156160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        4695010440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             32751730890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             506.935476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime           50046696250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     313101000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     1749776000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   17819901000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   9825963750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    12497681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22400873750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                12108939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12108939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            604585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7568275                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  728272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              84324                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         7568275                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            4743345                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2824930                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       426688                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    15916413                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     9819954                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         39697                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12368                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8610114                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1510                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   156                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        129214595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           11502866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       80557212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    12108939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            5471617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     116035927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1227020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          5203                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          257                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1146                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8609168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                206297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          128160320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.202232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.681135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                103751710     80.95%     80.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1327529      1.04%     81.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1330505      1.04%     83.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1611820      1.26%     84.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1968708      1.54%     85.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  1301566      1.02%     86.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1440179      1.12%     87.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1195728      0.93%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 14232575     11.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            128160320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.093712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.623437                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  9825643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              97212839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  13628907                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               6879421                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 613510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              148963169                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 613510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 12449892                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                43500518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           8246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  17751303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              53836851                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              146055331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                376766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               11096518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1095966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               40278675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents             3088                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           192700602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             423159688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        262447118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           3503655                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             166281415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 26419187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  34012622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17005299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10516040                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1855091                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1225486                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  140466724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                4487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 134016544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            156043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        16335362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26303072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           3611                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     128160320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.045695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.849515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            84305863     65.78%     65.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            12445114      9.71%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9089192      7.09%     82.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             6793449      5.30%     87.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             5355019      4.18%     92.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             3665889      2.86%     94.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             3322721      2.59%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             2137732      1.67%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1045341      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       128160320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1424629     91.03%     91.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     91.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     91.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   163      0.01%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     91.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 107553      6.87%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 27816      1.78%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               212      0.01%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             4615      0.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1087237      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              99890739     74.54%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              1166856      0.87%     76.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               5667321      4.23%     80.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               27974      0.02%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             16225739     12.11%     92.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             6524754      4.87%     97.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           10270      0.01%     97.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        3415654      2.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              134016544                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.037163                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1564988                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.011678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          390995288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         153324693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128617984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             6919151                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            3491671                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3452873                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              131032373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 3461922                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1502979                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2565187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4173                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10128                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1066875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1885                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          3490                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 613510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3540541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              37437579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           140471211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             52581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17005299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10516040                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               1674                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  19649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              37406032                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          10128                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         137875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       653251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               791126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             132758390                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              15915356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1258154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     25735207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 10148825                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9819851                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.027426                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      132371910                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     132070857                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  99219788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 203337076                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.022105                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.487957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        16338021                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             876                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            605032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    125691566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.987623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.163691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     87203090     69.38%     69.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19266995     15.33%     84.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3462191      2.75%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3284216      2.61%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1332514      1.06%     91.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1340752      1.07%     92.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       775199      0.62%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       806059      0.64%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8220550      6.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    125691566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             64566996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              124135848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       23889277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      14440112                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    9530861                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    3443151                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 123241714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               510585                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       867178      0.70%      0.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         92539723     74.55%     75.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         1156400      0.93%     76.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          5662195      4.56%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          21075      0.02%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        14435340     11.63%     92.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        6034232      4.86%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4772      0.00%     97.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      3414933      2.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         124135848                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               8220550                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    257944885                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   283447036                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           45863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1054275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    64566996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     124135848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.001248                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.001248                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.499688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.499688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                237215646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               124577650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3472793                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    35541                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  97506133                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 51093977                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                45150495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            496220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.099768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            23238236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            497244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             46.734070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.099768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          48138448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         48138448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     14237994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14237994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8999835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8999835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23237829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23237829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23237829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23237829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       133405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        133405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       449368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       449368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       582773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         582773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       582773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        582773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7520365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7520365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37104736469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  37104736469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  44625101469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44625101469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  44625101469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44625101469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     14371399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14371399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9449203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9449203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23820602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23820602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23820602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23820602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56372.437315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56372.437315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82570.936224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82570.936224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76573.728483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76573.728483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76573.728483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76573.728483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        72786                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.572973                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   135.277778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       465083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            465083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        85130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        85263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        85263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        85263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        85263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       449235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       449235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       497510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       497510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       497510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       497510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2986530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2986530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36651445969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36651445969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39637976469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39637976469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39637976469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39637976469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61864.950803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61864.950803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81586.354512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81586.354512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79672.723099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79672.723099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79672.723099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79672.723099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            161814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.926299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             8425078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            162070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             51.984192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.926299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          17380598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         17380598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      8425080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         8425080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       8425080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          8425080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      8425080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         8425080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       184078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        184078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       184078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         184078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       184078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        184078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3283815480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3283815480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3283815480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3283815480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3283815480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3283815480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8609158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8609158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8609158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8609158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8609158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8609158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.021382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.021382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17839.260965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17839.260965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17839.260965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17839.260965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17839.260965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17839.260965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.522727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        21795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        21795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        21795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       162283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       162283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       162283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       162283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       162283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       162283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2762965985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2762965985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2762965985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2762965985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2762965985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2762965985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17025.603329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17025.603329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17025.603329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17025.603329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 17025.603329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17025.603329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        1317827                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658095                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          971                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             4728                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4696                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           32                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              210557                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        911157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            221585                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             448969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            448969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         210558                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       485986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1491240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 1977226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10360896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     61588928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 71949824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                            475101                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    28573888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1134501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.005058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.071334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1128795     99.50%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     5674      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                       32      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1134501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           1123999494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           243438469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           746053896                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements               474708                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4088.072587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 834527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               478804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.742941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    16.730134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   288.598157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3782.744296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.070459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.923522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             11015372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            11015372                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       465083                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       465083                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          239                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             239                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data          8617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             8617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst       151117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        21479                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       172596                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           151117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            30096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              181213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          151117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           30096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             181213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       440352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         440352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        10773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        26796                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        37569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          10773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         467148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            477921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         10773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        467148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           477921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  35881927500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35881927500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    931326000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2687147000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3618473000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    931326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  38569074500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39500400500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    931326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  38569074500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39500400500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       465083                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       465083                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       448969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       448969                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       161890                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        48275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       210165                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       161890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       497244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          659134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       161890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       497244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         659134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101504                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.101504                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.555070                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178760                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.725074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.725074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81484.647509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81484.647509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86450.013924                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100281.646514                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96315.393010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86450.013924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82562.859094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82650.480937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86450.013924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82562.859094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82650.480937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          446074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               446074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3711                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         3711                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       440352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       440352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10773                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26795                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        37568                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       477920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       467147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       477920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       403500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       403500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31478407500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31478407500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    823606000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2419129000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3242735000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    823606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33897536500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34721142500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    823606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33897536500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34721142500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101504                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101504                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.555049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.066545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.939472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71484.647509                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71484.647509                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76450.942170                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 90282.851278                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86316.412905                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76450.942170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72562.890268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72650.532516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76450.942170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72562.890268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72650.532516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        951682                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       473764                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64607297000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       446074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            27662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               27                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            440352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           440352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         37567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1429601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1429601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1429601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     59135552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     59135552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                59135552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            477946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  477946    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              477946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1367989000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1307607250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
